README.md, before:

# pokemedia

Compilation of images of all 6th+ Geneneration Pokémon 3D sprites, icons and items.

The aim of this project is to compile a set of graphics from the main series games,
containing:
* All Pokémon sprites based on 3D **models**,
* All Pokémon menu **icons**
* All **items**
* Important metagame **symbols** and misc.

This project also contains a set of **glyphs** for generating a Pokémon icon font, for
 the [metaunicorn/pokecss](https://github.com/metaunicorn/pokecss) project.

The naming if the sprites is consistent with the Pokémon codenames of the
 [metaunicorn/pokedata](https://github.com/metaunicorn/pokedata) project database, so they are
 easily referentiable.


**IMPORTANT**:

1. All sprites prior to Gen 6 that are not based on 3D models,
official artworks, or sprites from spin-off games won't be included in this project.
Please don't ask to add them.
2. Do not hotlink the images from your website to this Github repository, otherwise
the possible high bandwidth can cause the elimination of this repository.


## TO-DO

- [ ] Add not-animated 3D sprites
- [ ] Add missing icons-right
- [ ] Add all other missing 3D sprites (see above)

### Missing 3D sprites

- [ ] Cosplay Pikachu forms (all)
- [ ] Furfrou haircut forms (all)
- [ ] Shiny Unown forms (front and back)
- [ ] Vivillon Pokeball and Fancy forms (back and back shiny)
- [ ] Unfezant (back female, back female shiny)

Any help to gather these missing animated sprites will be welcome.

## Credits
All sprites are compiled from these websites.

* pkparaiso.com
* veekun
* pokestadium.com
* pokemonshowdown.com
* smogon.com
* serebii.net

Thanks to all of them for being a good resource.


## Disclaimer

This software is copyrighted and licensed under the 
[CC0-1.0 license](https://github.com/metaunicorn/pokemedia/LICENSE). See the file
entitled LICENSE for full copyright and license text.

This software comes bundled with data and sprites extracted from the
Pokémon series of video games. Some terminology from the Pokémon franchise is
also necessarily used within the software itself. This is all the intellectual
property of Nintendo, Creatures, inc., and GAME FREAK, inc. and is protected by
various copyrights and trademarks.

The author believes that the use of this intellectual property for a fan reference
is covered by fair use and that the software is significantly impaired without said
property included. Any use of this copyrighted property is at your own legal risk.

This software is not affiliated in any way with Nintendo,
Pokémon or any other game company.

A complete revision history of this software is available from
https://github.com/metaunicorn/pokemedia

Commit message:

Added non-animated 3D sprites (they are just 6MB) and right-side icons. Added also the scripts for generating them

README.md, after:

# pokemedia

Compilation of images of all 6th+ Geneneration Pokémon 3D sprites, icons and items.

The aim of this project is to compile a set of graphics from the main series games,
containing:
* All Pokémon sprites based on 3D **models**,
* All Pokémon menu **icons**
* All **items**
* Important metagame **symbols** and misc.

This project also contains a set of **glyphs** for generating a Pokémon icon font, for
 the [metaunicorn/pokecss](https://github.com/metaunicorn/pokecss) project.

The naming if the sprites is consistent with the Pokémon codenames of the
 [metaunicorn/pokedata](https://github.com/metaunicorn/pokedata) project database, so they are
 easily referentiable.


**IMPORTANT**:

1. All sprites prior to Gen 6 that are not based on 3D models,
official artworks, or sprites from spin-off games won't be included in this project.
Please don't ask to add them.
2. Do not hotlink the images from your website to this Github repository, otherwise
the possible high bandwidth can cause the elimination of this repository.
3. When using the sprites in your website, you may want to consider using the non-animated
ones, because their size are considerably small: all of them are just 6MB compared to the 200MB
of the animated ones.


## TO-DO

### Missing 3D sprites

- [ ] Cosplay Pikachu forms (all)
- [ ] Furfrou haircut forms (all)
- [ ] Shiny Unown forms (front and back)
- [ ] Vivillon Pokeball and Fancy forms (back and back shiny)
- [ ] Unfezant (back female, back female shiny)

Any help to gather these missing animated sprites will be welcome.

## Credits
All sprites are compiled from these websites.

* pkparaiso.com
* veekun
* pokestadium.com
* pokemonshowdown.com
* smogon.com
* serebii.net

Thanks to all of them for being a good resource.


## Disclaimer

This software is copyrighted and licensed under the 
[CC0-1.0 license](https://github.com/metaunicorn/pokemedia/LICENSE). See the file
entitled LICENSE for full copyright and license text.

This software comes bundled with data and sprites extracted from the
Pokémon series of video games. Some terminology from the Pokémon franchise is
also necessarily used within the software itself. This is all the intellectual
property of Nintendo, Creatures, inc., and GAME FREAK, inc. and is protected by
various copyrights and trademarks.

The author believes that the use of this intellectual property for a fan reference
is covered by fair use and that the software is significantly impaired without said
property included. Any use of this copyrighted property is at your own legal risk.

This software is not affiliated in any way with Nintendo,
Pokémon or any other game company.

A complete revision history of this software is available from
https://github.com/metaunicorn/pokemedia
